So without going too deep,
what would you recommend
to measure performance something
like lighthouse, or other tools.
>> So what would I recommend for
measuring performance lighthouse
is definitely a good starter.
It's going to give you a lot of
performance metrics just kind of all up
then you should be instrumenting
your code in your server side code.
>> With how long it's taking to respond
to things, because you'll see when you
add server side rendering to it, it's
going to take longer to respond to users,
so basically time to response, I think
is TTR or no, it's time to first byte.
That's the thing that you
actually want to watch.
There's a server called, or a service
called caliber that will actually run
lighthouse as a service for you,
which is kind of interesting.
And then having things like New Relic or
Azure monitor or whatever the rest
of those are, having those instrumented
on your services will help a lot as well.
>> If I want only let's say div
homepage to be server side rendered and
the other pages, I just want to keep
them just regular way of react.
I just doing it thing.
Is that possible?
>> That's definitely.
So what you would do here instead of just
this is right now is acting on every
single request coming in
that doesn't match this one.
So basically you would
have something like this,
which would only respond
to the homepage request.
Actually, that might
even work out of the box.
Now, you'd have to do a little bit
more to make sure that you're serving
the index.HTML and everything else.
So this one quite work we
have to go in here and
basically say like if I don't match
anything else send them indexed at HTML.
So I guess that might be this
Express static
dist/index.html Let's see if this works.
It might work.
This is kind of off the top my head.
I've been teaching for a few hours.
Did I break it?
No it worked okay.
So let's say on details.
So now details would not
be server side rendered.
This would only come in
as a react application.
And it looks like I broke something,
but that's kind of the gist here.
I don't really know what I broke here.
Yeah, so somewhere along the pathway here
I broke this particular something, but
that's you just make sure that you're
always serving in index.HTML to everything
else that matches your routes.
>> What should we consider if we want to,
let's say, decide to use server side
rendering for specific pages or
like for the entire website?
I know SEO depends on it and react is not
the best when it comes to SEO because of
how long it takes to load sometimes.
So, is there any other stuff that you
would take into consideration when
deciding to use server side rendering or
not?
>> Yeah I mean SEO is gonna be a big one.
Because you want to serve
rendered markup to web crawlers.
In theory,
Google will execute your react app, but
it's going to mark that down as being
a bit slower than other applications.
So if you can serve rendered markup
on the top is a positive thing.
And then other crawlers, like Yandex and
some of those don't run JavaScript.
So things where SEO is
absolutely critical.
Yeah rendering out to a static
HTML file is probably smart.
Just in general things that are going to
have high interactivity, you're going
to need reactant but everything else
that like there like static blog posts,
you might just server side render and
then write that to like a CDN cache, and
then just serve it from cache.
And you don't even need to execute
JavaScript on those pages.
So it's all going to be the trade off of
interactivity which react is going to
offer you to how fast can I serve it?
Do I have static needs, things like that.
Is it kind of a spectrum there